-----------------Level 2 Exam----------------------------

1. What is Robocorp Assistant meant for?This question is required.
A: Enabling the use of attended human-in-the-loop robots.
B: Creating new robot projects from a template.
C: Viewing documentation, enabling code auto-completion and formatting robot code in VS Code.
D: Scheduling unattended robots in Control Room cloud containers.
E: Configuring RDP on Windows machines.
F: Installing Robocorp Workforce Agent on a local machine.

Ans: A

2. To make your code more readable, you should (choose two):This question is required.*
Tip: Assume you have a ton of robot code and your target applications and processes use lots of industry-specific business terminology.
A: Always write all function calls on one line.
B: Always keep all the robot project code in a single file to avoid the need to navigate multiple files.
C: Do not add comments as it adds to the complexity.
D: Break long lines of code into multiple lines.
E: Use business terminology when creating functions.
F: Use one-letter variable names to avoid the need to read long names.

Ans: D & E 

3. In Python, which notation should you use to add docstrings to your functions (choose one)?This question is required.*
Tip: Try it out.
A: ///
B: ###
C: \\\
D: ---
E: """
F: ***

Ans: E

4. When should you commit secrets into your repository (choose one)?This question is required.

A: When you want to optimize the speed of your robot.
B: When nobody is looking.
C: When the secrets are at least 16 characters long.
D: When you are the only developer on the project.
E: When the repository is private.
F: Never.

Ans: F

5. What is the best way to securely store secrets for your robots (choose one)?This question is required.
A: In the conda.yaml file.
B: In the robot.yaml file.
C: In a __init__.py file inside the robot project folder.
D: Inside a local vault file stored in the robot project repository.
E: In the devdata/env.json file.
F: Inside a Control Room vault.

Ans: F

6. In Python, which notation should you use if you want to ignore a line?This question is required.
A: //
B: ...
C: #
D: ***
E: ---
F: \#
G: <!--

Ans: C

7.When using RCC, what robot creation command can you use to create a new robot from a template (choose two)?
A: create new robot
B: robot create
C: rcc robot init -t <selected-template>
D: rcc create -standard
E: rcc new robot
F: rcc create

Ans: F and C 

8. What library do you need to import to enable logging in Python?This question is required.
A: RPA.RobotLogListener
B: No need to import any library.
C: RPA.Logging
D: robocorp.log
E: robocorp.logging
F: RPA.Log4py

Ans: B

9. 
Which libraries can be used to interact with browser-based applications (choose three)?This question is required.*
A: RPA.Selenium
B: RPA.WebBrowser
C: RPA.Browser.Playwright
D: RPA.Browser.Selenium
E: robocorp.browser
F: robocorp.http
G: RPA.Chrome

Ans: C,D,E

10. How can you update to the latest version of the robocorp library?This question is required.*
A: Include "https://rpaframework.org/releasenotes.html" under the "path:" section of your robot.yaml configuration file.
B: Update the tasks.py file.
C: rcc update rpaframework
D: Update the Robot Framework Language Server extension.
E: Update the conda.yaml file.
F: Restart VS Code. It will automatically update.
G: Update the Robocorp Code extension.

Ans: E

11. What are some options to target HTML elements when defining your selectors (choose three)? This question is required.
Choose as many as you like
A: the size of the text
B: a class attribute
C: a specific attribute
D: an ever changing id value
E: a unique id
F: by pointing at the screen
 
Ans: B, E, C

12. What are some options to target HTML elements when defining your selectors (choose three)? This question is required.*
Tip: Search the Docs.
A: the size of the text
B: a class attribute
C: a specific attribute
D: an ever changing id value
E: a unique id
F: by pointing at the screen

Ans: B, C, E

13. The default output directory can be changed by:This question is required.*
Tip: The course mentions this.

A: Editing the Control Room settings.
B: Editing your Robocorp account profile.
C: Editing the conda.yaml file.
D: Editing the robot.yaml file.
E: Editing the tasks.py file.

Ans: D

14. Copying someone else's robot and claiming it's made by you (choose one):This question is required.*
Choose as many as you like

A: Would hurt your learning.
B: Would make your mother proud of you.
C: Would be a sign of a great senior developer.
D: Would show great pride in your profession.
Ans: A
